accordions.html                 
spinners.html                                      
clipboard.html                            
compose.html                              
counter.html                     
data-tables.html             
typography.html          
drag-drop.html                       
dropdowns.html                
toastr.html
tooltip.html
scrollbar.html                             
sweetalerts.html                      
tab.html                         
tables-basic.html                                  
tax-settings.html         rating.html
settings.html             form-basic-inputs.html    
rangeslider.html          form-horizontal.html      
popover.html              form-input-groups.html    
alerts.html               form-mask.html            
progress.html             form-validation.html      
avatar.html               form-vertical.html        
badges.html               form-wizard.html          
placeholders.html         social-links.html
offcanvas.html            social-settings.html
horizontal-timeline.html  README.md           
breadcrumbs.html          icon-feather.html         
buttongroup.html          icon-flag.html            
buttons.html              icon-fontawesome.html     
cards.html                icon-ionic.html           
carousel.html             icon-material.html        
chart-apex.html           icon-pe7.html             
chart-c3.html             icon-simpleline.html      
chart-flot.html           icon-themify.html         
chart-js.html             icon-typicon.html        
chart-morris.html         icon-weather.html                  
chart-peity.html                         


name 
small description
price
available colors [] 
available sizes []
promotions
images [color [color images]]
description
specification
reviews(2)
tag
main image              
         
                   

 
               
              
          
                          
                         





edit-blog.html
edit-books.html
edit-department.html
edit-exam.html
edit-fees.html
edit-invoice.html 
edit-room.html
edit-sports.html
edit-student.html
edit-subject.html 
edit-teacher.html
edit-time-table.html 
edit-transport.html
add-blog.html 
add-books.html
add-department.html
add-events.html
add-exam.html
add-expenses.html
add-fees-collection.html
add-fees.html
add-holiday.html
add-invoice.html
add-room.html 
add-salary.html
add-sports.html
add-student.html 
add-subject.html
add-teacher.html 
add-time-table.html
add-transport.html
text-editor.html


seo-settings.html
inbox.html
index.html
invoice-grid.html 
invoices-cancelled.html
departments.html
invoices-draft.html 
invoices.html  
invoices-overdue.html 
images.html
teacher-dashboard.html
teacher-details.html
teachers-grid.html
teachers.html
timeline.html
time-table.html
register.html
ribbon.html
salary.html
sports.html
stickynote.html
student-dashboard.html
student-details.html
students-grid.html
students.html
subjects.html
error-404.html
event.html 
exam.html 
expenses.html
fees-collections.html
fees.html
forgot-password.html
localization-details.html
login.html
media.html
modal.html
notification.html
others-settings.html
pagination.html
payment-settings.html
pending-blog.html
profile.html
bank-settings.html
grid.html 
blank-page.html
holiday.html
blog-details.html
blog.html 
hostel.html
email-settings.html 
invoices-paid.html
invoices-recurring.html
transport.html
invoices-settings.html
library.html
video.html
lightbox.html
view-invoice.html